I am very honored and happy to announce the arrival of His Eminence Namkha Drimed Rinpoche.
He is one of the great masters of the Nyongma schools of Advaita Buddhism in this time,
and he was also recognized by the KIT party here in Rinpoche.
He will discover that. I and all the members of the Padma Samye Buddhism are very happy and
delighted with all that event.
So this time, we will cause them to, if they can make the time, to come to Padma Samye Ling
and give the teachings and the involvement of the Guru Padma Sambha,
according to the lineage of the great Tertons Taksha Nudin Dorji.
Taksha Nudin Dorji was one of the great Tertons in the Nyongma Buddhist history,
and it is also to make a special connection to this great Terton,
and as well as to receive the teachings directly from the principal lineage holder of Taksha Nudin,
His Eminence Namkha Drimed Rinpoche.
That all is happening in August 26th, 6th on Friday, Friday.
So if anybody can make the time to come and make this connection,
and it will be really wonderful, any of these beautiful, rich land,
upstate of the New York and Padma Samye.
So I am very grateful and thankful to accept our accursed by His Eminence,
and then coming to these places and bless to all of us.
So I am very thankful, and I hope you can make some time for this special event
and join together to receive the teachings and blessings from this great Master.
Thank you very much.